# MyMDB
This is an app that's meant to work similar to the IMDB website. I wasn't satisified with the popular movie databases (IMDB, rotten tomatoes, metacritic, etc) for three main reasons. 
The first was that none of their rating systems were specific enough for me. A 1-5, or even 1-10 movie rating system isn't specific enough for me. If you've rated atleast 11 movies, then you've already got atleast 2 movies in the same bin, and this problem scales heavily once you start to realize what kind of movies you like and are able to find movies that you like the for most part, and before you know it you've got 50 movies that you rated as 7 however they're all varying degrees of a 7. For that reason I introdcued one decimal point (allowing for example 7.2) , which creates 100 bins instead of 10. I figured this was reasonable as most of us have seen atleast 100 movies in our lifetime.
The second reason is that I wasn't satisifed with the movie recommendation system for most websites. After looking further into this, I found that most algorithms used by these websites were rather simple and after a while become quite predictable and homogenous with their recommendations. I like the recommendation system used by Movix.ai a lot, which uses a NN, however it's quite slow and breaks a lot, along with it not being open source. 
The third reason is quite simple, I wanted to be able to keep track of every movie I've seen, my rating of it and any thoughts I had on it at the time. It also be nice if I could manipulate this list according to genre, date, my rating, critic ratings, general public ratings, and anything other feature that I thought may be cool.

This project is currently on hold as I'm trying to find a job right now and don't think this is conducive to helping me land a job in the fields that I'm interested in. 

I've already created a good portion of the user interface, I just need to work on a cleaner data pipeline and querying in realtime (app is a bit slow as of now), as well as the recommendation system.

Note that this was my first time ever working in swift or on an app, thus I'm not as familiar as I should be with best practices in Swift. Everything is done programatically.
